Note: some of the commands listed here differ slightly from those seen in the video. 
Although they should do exactly the same thing, please use the ones listed here.

1. Install Python 3.11 through the Microsoft Store
2. Install Visual Studio Code (VSCode) through the Microsoft Store
3. Launch VSCode
4. Create a new folder anywhere you want
5. From within VSCode, create a file called hello_world.py (or any other name you like,
   as long as it ends in .py), and type in that empty file:
	
print("Hello world!")

   Then run the file (play button). VSCode will prompt you to install the 
   Python extension; agree to this.

   NOTE: If you have never previously installed Python, VSCode should automatically
   detect the Python 3.11 you just installed. However, if you do have an old version,
   it may automatically detect that. To check the right one is being used, press
   Ctrl + Shift + P and search for "Python: Select interpreter" in the search bar that
   comes up. This lets you choose which version of Python VSCode uses.

6. Running the file opens a Terminal window within VSCode. Into this window,
   type/copy and paste:

python3.11 -m pip install solcore rayflare seaborn

7. Python, Solcore and Rayflare are installed! To check everything is working, 
   you can add the following code to your hello_world.py file and run it again:

from solcore import solar_cell_solver
from rayflare.transfer_matrix_method import tmm_structure

print("Success!")

   If this prints the "Success!" to your terminal, things are installed. Do
   not worry about any warnings which appear.

8. We will also be using Jupyter notebooks during the workshop (these are files
   which let you combine Python code blocks, normal text, images etc.). First, 
   type into the terminal:

python3.11 -m pip install jupyter

9. To make sure VSCode installs the required extensions, make a new file called 
   hello_world.ipynb, and copy the contents of hello_world.py into this file.
   Click "Select Kernel" in the top right of the file to choose the Python 3.11
   we installed before. VSCode should again prompt you to install several extensions.

